## SQLException

    java.sql.SQLException
     1:  public class SQLException extends Exception implements Iterable<Throwable> {
     2:     public String getMessage();   // inherited from Throwable
     3:     public String getSQLState() { ... }
     4:     public int getErrorCode() { ... }
     5:
     6:     public SQLException getNextException() { ... }
     7:     public Throwable getCause();  // inherited from Throwable
     8:     public Iterator<Throwable> iterator() { ... }
    ??:  }

* getMessage() - Returns a description of the error.
* getSQLState() - Returns the SQLState code, consisting of five alphanumeric characters. These codes and their respective meanings have been standardized by ISO/ANSI and Open Group (X/Open).
* getErrorCode() - Returns the vendor-specific error code, which is an integer value.
* getNextExeption() - Returns the next SQLException object in the chain; null if there are none. If more than one error occurs, the exceptions are referenced through this chain.
* getCause() - Returns the throwable that caused this throwable to get thrown, or null if the cause is nonexistent or unknown. A SQLException instance might have a causal relationship, which consists of one or more Throwable objects that caused the SQLException instance to be thrown. To navigate this chain of causes, recursively call the method SQLException.getCause until a null value is returned.
* iterator() - Returns an iterator over the chained SQLExceptions and causes in the proper order.


